Update PR template test instructions to use copier (#437)
NLeSC/python-template: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- remove what doesn't apply or add more if needed -->
Create a `python-template-test` repo on GitHub (will be overwritten if existing)
```

> # Create a temporary directory in /tmp, keep the XXXXXX in the directory name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create a temporary directory by running the following command. Keep the XXXXXX in the directory name. 
```

cd $(mktemp -d --tmpdir py-tmpl-XXXXXX)
# Use --vcs-ref <pr-branch> to point to the branch to you want to test

> copier copy --vcs-ref <pr-branch> https://github.com/<pr-user>/python-template .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
copier copy --vcs-ref <pr-branch> https://github.com/<pr-user>/python-template.
```
